Skip to main contentAccessibility help
Accessibility feedback
Google
about of jenkins

Sign in
All
Images
Videos
News
Shopping
Books
Web
More
Tools
What Is Jenkins and How Does it Work? Intro and Tutorial
Jenkins is an open source continuous integration (CI) server. It manages and controls several stages of the software delivery process, including build, documentation, automated testing, packaging, and static code analysis. Jenkins is a highly popular DevOps tool used by thousands of development teams.

What Is Jenkins and How Does it Work? Intro and Tutorial

Codefresh
https://codefresh.io › Learning Center
About featured snippets
•
Feedback
People also ask
What is Jenkins and its uses?
What is Jenkins known for?
What is the job of Jenkins?
What is a Jenkins file used for?
Feedback

Jenkins

Jenkins
https://www.jenkins.io
Jenkins is a self-contained Java-based program, ready to run out-of-the-box, with packages for Windows, Linux, macOS and other Unix-like operating systems.
Jenkins Handbook
Solution Pages
Jenkins
Installing Jenkins

What is Jenkins and How Does It Work?

TechTarget
https://www.techtarget.com › definition › Jenkins
Jenkins is an open source continuous integration/continuous delivery and deployment (CI/CD) automation software DevOps tool written in the Java programming ...

What Is Jenkins? Working, Uses, Pipelines, and Features

Spiceworks
https://www.spiceworks.com › Articles
20 Jul 2022 — Jenkins is an open-source CI/CD server that helps automate various stages in software development and DevOps processes.

What is Jenkins?

GeeksforGeeks
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org › what-is-jenkins
28 May 2024 — Jenkins is a popular open-source automation server used mostly for software development's continuous integration and delivery (CI/CD) processes.

Jenkins (software)
Wikipedia
https://en.wikipedia.org › wiki › Jenkins_(software)
Jenkins is an open source automation server. It helps automate the parts of software development related to building, testing, and deploying, ...

What is Jenkins? Features and Architecture Explained

Simplilearn.com
https://www.simplilearn.com › tutorials › jenkins-tutorial
12 Jul 2024 — As a Continuous Integration tool, Jenkins allows seamless, ongoing development, testing, and deployment of newly created code. Continuous ...

Tutorials overview

Jenkins
https://www.jenkins.io › doc › tutorials
Jenkins – an open source automation server which enables developers around the world to reliably build, test, and deploy their software.
Declarative Pipeline
Getting Started with Blue Ocean
Pipeline Development Tools

What is Jenkins? CI/CD Server Introduction

CloudBees
https://www.cloudbees.com › jenkins › what-is-jenkins
Jenkins manages software delivery processes throughout the lifecycle, including build, document, test, package, stage, deployment, code analysis and more.

What is Jenkins? Key Concepts & Tutorial

Spacelift
https://spacelift.io › blog › what-is-jenkins
1 Jul 2024 — It automates build, test, and deployment tasks by executing jobs triggered by events such as new commits, branches, and pull requests across ...
People also search for

Jenkins

Docker

Kubernetes

Ansible

GitLab

Jira
Feedback
About of jenkins in devops
About of jenkins w3schools
About of jenkins pdf
About of jenkins interview questions
What is Jenkins Pipeline
What is Jenkins used for
Jenkins Tutorial
Advantages of Jenkins
1	
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
Next
Jenkins
Software
upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/e/e9/...
Jenkins Working and Features
What Is Jenkins and How Does it Work? Intro and Tutorial
Architecture
Using Jenkins agents
More images
Jenkins is an open source automation server. It helps automate the parts of software development related to building, testing, and deploying, facilitating continuous integration, and continuous delivery. It is a server-based system that runs in servlet containers such as Apache Tomcat. Wikipedia
Programming language: Java
Developer: Kohsuke Kawaguchi
Initial release: 2 February 2011
License: MIT License
Platform: Java 11, Java 17
Repository: github.com/jenkinsci/jenkins
Stable release: 2.468 / 16 July 2024; 31 days ago
People also search for

Docker

Kubernetes

Ansible

GitLab
Feedback
India
Balanagar, Hyderabad, Telangana - Based on your past activity
 - Update location
